---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbird_account_settings Data Source - netbird"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Read Account-wide Settings
---

# netbird_account_settings (Data Source)

Read Account-wide Settings

## Example Usage

```terraform
# No input needed, current account settings are exposed
data "netbird_account_settings" "example" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `groups_propagation_enabled` (Boolean) Allows propagate the new user auto groups to peers that belongs to the user
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of an account
- `jwt_allow_groups` (List of String) List of groups to which users are allowed access
- `jwt_groups_claim_name` (String) Name of the claim from which we extract groups names to add it to account groups.
- `jwt_groups_enabled` (Boolean) Allows extract groups from JWT claim and add it to account groups.
- `network_traffic_logs_enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables network traffic logging. If enabled, all network traffic events from peers will be stored.
- `network_traffic_packet_counter_enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables network traffic packet counter. If enabled, network packets and their size will be counted and reported. (This can have an slight impact on performance)
- `peer_approval_enabled` (Boolean) (Cloud only) Enables or disables peer approval globally. If enabled, all peers added will be in pending state until approved by an admin.
- `peer_inactivity_expiration` (Number) Period of time of inactivity after which peer session expires (seconds).
- `peer_inactivity_expiration_enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables peer inactivity expiration globally. After peer's session has expired the user has to log in (authenticate). Applies only to peers that were added by a user (interactive SSO login).
- `peer_login_expiration` (Number) Period of time after which peer login expires (seconds).
- `peer_login_expiration_enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables peer login expiration globally. After peer's login has expired the user has to log in (authenticate). Applies only to peers that were added by a user (interactive SSO login).
- `regular_users_view_blocked` (Boolean) Allows blocking regular users from viewing parts of the system.
- `routing_peer_dns_resolution_enabled` (Boolean) Enables or disables DNS resolution on the routing peers
